Hello dear friends my name is
punisher this is my first video today i
did a review on the game maincraft pact
Ineshin version 080
alphaville 2 is a test version but all
I will review it
What first go in the world, and so we
went into the world go to change first
a tropical tree also appeared
appeared
boards and second steps appeared
stone did not appear stone fence
also a mossy fence appeared
cobblestone 3 appeared ore redstone 4
We emerged beet we it
grow the next next block this
sponge she unfortunately does not choose water
but still she has the next block this
block hay he too now has minecraft
and the last block is the mat
they come in different colors
they are different and finally appeared
rails conventional energy rails are also on
also appeared trolley she too
work also appeared appeared compass and
the watch also appeared lighter which
so long-awaited we have passed it simply
It was in creative thinking on this all
subscribe to my channel put
finger top with you was a punisher all
good luck everyone bye